---
layout: post
category: article
title: Life
---

#	Life: A sample

There must be something wrong with you if you can't remember your first kiss.

When I was growing up a girl lived across the street from me. Emily. At the time I'm sure I thought she was beautiful, but looking back I have to say she was plain at best. This was before kids were overweight, so she had a nice body or as nice of a body as an eight year-old could have and she had dark hair that fell to her shoulders, though it always seemed greasy or wet. Her family, while being perfectly fine, yet less well off than mine was somehow off-putting.

But, we were friends—I was closer to her than the other kids that lived on my block. I have fond memories of going over to her house and swimming in the above ground pool with her. In this instance, I even had thoughts that can only be considered inappropriate for such a young child to have. I remember wanting her to take off her swimsuit as we swam. I even tried to do it myself on several occasions. I'm not sure if, at the time, I knew why I wanted to do this other 
than it was what boys and girls were supposed to do.

Actions like that also could be responsible for my continual fear, though that's probably too strong a word, of parents. I never wanted to be alone at someone's house with them. Emily had invited me to her house for her birthday party and I distinctly remember not wanting to go. I eventually did go, but must have only spent a few minutes there before throwing what could only be called a tantrum and leaving.

Being about eight and hanging out with a girl so much my brother would make fun of me. He even asked me once, "Have you kissed her yet?" The thought hadn't even crossed my mind before he said that.

One day we were sitting in my backyard on an old wooden trailer. We were talking about who knows what and I got a splinter.  She was looking at it, telling me what to do about it. Knowing that my dad would just cut it out with a razor when he got home, I wasn't listening to her. Instead I put my hand on her shoulder and, with what my brother had recently said to me on my mind, told her, "Come here," as I moved my mouth closer to hers. 

Sitting side-by-side wasn't very conducive to what I was trying to accomplish. I'll never know what she was thinking, but our lips did not meet. She just kept talking and a few minutes later went home. She eventually moved to another part of town and we just stopped being friends.

I didn't try to kiss a girl again for eight years.